When you think about the past few years,
You actually call me weak,
Ba Yuan, tell you more,
The latest meaning of this family,
I wanted to cheat, but I didn't say anything, and actually gave it a try.
Don't harm yourself.
Old ladies don’t need to be particular about correctness when speaking.
We drive and spend our own money to buy a car,
Why is it called a strong storm, and why is it called turning away and light?
I bought a car myself, haha, it’s impossible,
This is the cost of things purchased from that consumer product,
Maybe from the car? Su Huaiqi
Do you dare to build such a car?
Don't say it again
You're pretty tough too, Su Huaiqi
you have seen it all
This waste is borrowed from management
You and Su Huaiqi
Do you want to follow him?
You can take the road and walk to the bar.
It's all right in front of you
Not necessarily only true
Because in front of the light tube
Then we should talk more and do more
You tell me what others think of you
It’s too big not to wait
Who are you to cause trouble?
Then make this piece of debris appear bigger
Yunzhu Luxury Car Trade Association will make Yuyulongdao